I love not sleeping
watch gentlemen last straight
for kenyan and roast drinking song
singing head of the cuiaba marathon at
brazil more than a few meters before
the arrival and there a spectator arose from the
public just veneer
the runner obviously surprised by what
happens to him and police motorcycles
who are very close and they
manage to master the individual his
France clash
he priori supermarket is open
a magnificent as he saw on TV
that's it because it's a special
abalo he is he analyzed laurent pagny
in his Spanish Patagonia
of circumstance such place barachet
karabatic ringer go hop this is the
show here now and then can
also feasted the audience they could have
to be much more, but that's it
France's handball team that's it
also karabatic nikola threw a stone
little dribble behind the shot
wrist for love
stephen jones who is not going to find the
touch but the arms of abendanon one of
first balloons from the back
international is right now
maybe first try the shine
against and 26 seconds first try but
i still think messi has served
by the fact that he plays barca but that
the barça practice the best football
of the planet
in addition to the many goals he scored
because it's not trivial there are
clubs that beat two or three senses that
will not agree with a player who puts you
so many goals
phase 4 by twenty players on
keep looking look it's the same
thing that maradona a few hours
maradona had dared him the pants but
no bow tie is lionel messi
this little costume with black dots we have
found this picture circulating on
Internet
honestly he's more friendly than
ronaldo me I love ronaldo but here we have
seen again he tries to the
put forward the real one knows very well
well who he is behind there is no
shame to be behind messi at the game
today, on the contrary, quoted by God
you are Russian since yesterday how do you
feel I'm at fifa I'm
like that I was part of the planet
soccer
then the best men coach
is not on this board
I would have liked for you and that's
vicente del bosque and if you are
world champion one day am sure you
also you will be elected eltaief
if you are
going
you saw the picture in the press
but for the first time the images
turned by nicolas not yesterday to doha
this famous scene where leonardo
take to pastore
because he had arrived with a day of
late holiday scene in view of everything
the world
this is the first time we see these
images says it my land go for the
revolt thanks to you no it's all to
made legal time and it would even
more than 3 goals to 2 is the chain
otherwise and see where he's going to be big at
middle of these little Chinese
be careful that 8
poor